feat(GSX): 380 Refuel/Door Sync, Harmonize GSX Code and External Power-Sync for 320+380 (#9528)
flybywiresim/aircraft: .github/CHANGELOG.md

1. [A380X/EFB] Fixed being able to click on window open handle through the flyPad screen - @2hwk (2cas)
1. [A32NX/FMGC] Implemented simulated FMGC computers - @lukecologne (luke)
1. [A32NX/FMGC] Implemented simulated FCU computers - @lukecologne (luke)

> 1. [GSX] Automatic Refuel start and Cargo Door Synch for A380, External Power Avail Synch with GSX for A380/A320 - @Fragtality (Fragtality)

Reviewer: Dual changelog entry

Author: Ooopsie 😅 
Fixed! (?)

1. [A380X] Fix EWD avail. thrust fill area & PFD rudder trim visibility on ground - @flogross89 (floridude)
1. [A380X/LIGHTS] Fix function of FCU brightness knobs - @heclak (Heclak)
1. [A380X/FWS] Fix "NO ZFW OR ZFWCG DATA" ECAM alert after landing - @flogross89 (floridude)

> 1. [GSX] Automatic Refuel start and Cargo Door Synch for A380, External Power Avail Synch with GSX for A380/A320 - @Fragtality (Fragtality)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [GSX] Automatic Refuel start and Cargo Door Synch for A380X, External Power Avail Synch with GSX for A380X/A32NX - @Fragtality (Fragtality)
```

Author: It is not random, just mixed Grammar of two Languages and laziness :zany_face:

> 1. [EFB] Fuel Page: Added Total and ETA for A380, Improved State Label on both Aircraft - @Fragtality (Fragtality)

Reviewer 2: Please follow the convention.
```suggestion
1. [EFB/FUEL] Added Total and ETA for A380, Improved State Label on both Aircraft - @Fragtality (Fragtality)
```
